---
title: 人文 Humanities
permalink: /our-academic-curriculum/departments/humanities/
description: ""
third_nav_title: 部门 Departments
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>Learning Experiences</strong></p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="467" width="780" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/e/2PACX-1vSBHNvFpYFG_fN2X2nniepBGStPpKZFgUDwe6ggGnTE6GAVetubRJavtserV8oALWgJQOyHBiH73Kni/embed?start=true&amp;loop=true&amp;delayms=5000"></iframe></div><p><strong>Vision</strong></p><p>Every NCzens possesses an analytical and inquisitive mind to appreciate the world and be a responsible global citizen.</p><p><strong>Mission</strong></p><p>To establish NCHS Humanities Department as a leader in creating and organising challenging and robust programmes that promote the school values and mind-set for excellence.</p><p><strong>DEPARTMENT DETAILS (2024)</strong></p><p>Mdm Tan Pek Cheng – Head of Department <br>Mr Neo Choong Wei Dalvey – Year Head (Sec 3)<br>Ms Hung Xue Er Christabel – SH/Humanities<br>Mr Abdul Rahim – Senior Teacher History <br>Mr Lim Jian Ming Gary – Teacher (History/Social Studies) <br>Ms Mak Xue Wei – Teacher (History/Social Studies) <br>Ms Ng Bi Ru – Teacher (History/Social Studies) <br>Ms. Periya Sundaram – Teacher (Geography/Social Studies) <br>Mr Lok Liang Min - Teacher (Geography/English) <br>Ms Charlene Chen Ying – Teacher (Geography) <br>Ms Lee Zhen Yi Cheryl – Teacher (History/Social Studies)<br>Ms Goh Chui Ting (FAJT)<br>Ms Then Li-Ping Josephine (FAJT)</p><p><strong>Achievements:</strong> <br>1. NUS Geography Challenge 2022 - 2 Golds and 1 Silver <br>2. NUS Geography Challenge 2021 – 2 Silvers and 2 Bronze <br>3. Model UN (SCMUN) and National Youth Environment Conference (NYEC) – Best Position Paper award <br>4. NUS Geography Challenge 2020 – Top 5 for Creative component (poster design), 2 Gold and 2 Silver for Individual component <br>5. NJC – E International Humanities Symposium (EIHS) 2020 – Students’ Choice Award <br>6. National Stamp Competition 2019 – 2 Silver, 3 Bronzes <br>7. NUS Geography Challenge 2019 – Honourable Mention for Creative component</p><p><strong>Enrichment:</strong></p><p>1. Sec 1 NE-Humanities Virtual Overseas trip <br>2. Sec 2 Johor Bahru National Education-Humanities Learning Journey <br>3. Overseas Humanities Learning Journey (Asia)</p><p><strong>DEPARTMENT PROGRAMMES</strong></p><p><strong>Contemporary Singaporean Issues Forum</strong></p><p>The Contemporary Singaporean Issues or CSI Forum is held annually for Upper secondary students in NCHS to understand the interconnectedness of Singapore and the world they live in. The forum aims to:</p><p>(i) raise students’ awareness of societal issues in a contemporary world,</p><p>(ii) motivate them to become concerned citizens who appreciate the complex and</p><p>multifaceted nature of our challenges, and</p><p>(iii) challenge students to think critically so as to propose innovative solutions to today’s problems.</p><p><strong>Humanities Talent Programme</strong></p><p>The Humanities Talent Programme seeks to identify students who display keen interest and passion in Humanities. Through deeper studies of the Humanities subjects – Geography, History and Literature, students learn to better appreciate complex societal issues from a multi-disciplinary perspective. Students in this programme will have many learning opportunities to broaden their exposure in the Humanities.</p><p>Click&nbsp;<a href="/our-talent-development/Department-Talent-Programmes/Humanities-Talent-Programme" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">here</a>&nbsp;for more information.</p>